British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 1: Independent Communication and Opinions.
Lesson 1: Independent Communication and Opinions: Grammar Lesson 1.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen for the target grammar. Notice the form, the meaning, and the example.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a grammar task about workplace.
Today you will practise language connected to workplace.
Target language: present perfect.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise grammar for independent communication and opinions. You will learn useful language connected to workplace and practise present perfect. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.